# Deposits
**Deposits** are accounts where monies are held on your behalf, such as Bank(Checking) and Savings Accounts,
and are viewed as monetary assets.

The value of a **deposit** at any particular time is the sum of credits to the account minus the sum of debits from the account, up to that time.
Money in the **deposit** is held in a specified currency. If this is different from the reporting currency, then the value of the **deposit** is reported 
in both the local and reporting currency.  

A **deposit** may generate interest payments, which can be credited to itself or transferred to another deposit account. 
It will generally have an associated interest rate (e.g. 2.5% APR), and this rate may vary over the lifetime of the deposit.
A set of rates can be associated with a deposit so that the rate applicable to the account at any particular time can be determined.

Each **deposit** has a **parent** institution, so for example a Barclays bank account would have Barclays as a parent.
For reporting purposes, the interest is deemed to be income from the **parent** of the deposit. 

Each **deposit** account belongs to a **deposit category** that controls reporting of the account and can also restrict which transactions 
can be performed against an account.

The various categories are as follows
<table  class="defTable">
<tr><th>Category</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td>Checking</td><td>This is a standard current or checking account</td></tr>
<tr><td>Savings</td><td>This is a standard savings account. There is no difference between the treatment of Checking and
Savings accounts other than the reporting split</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bond</td><td>This is a standard fixed rate savings bond that has a maturity date</td></tr>
<tr><td>TaxFreeSavings</td><td>This is a taxFree savings account. Any interest generated by this account will be deemed as taxFree</td></tr>
<tr><td>TaxFreeBond</td><td>This is a taxFree bond. Any interest generated by this account will be deemed as taxFree</td></tr>
<tr><td>Peer2Peer</td><td>This is a peer2peer loans account</td></tr>
</table>
